---
title: "ETL with JS and a job interview"
description: "What I learned today 1/12/2022"
date: "2022-01-12"
timezone: "America/New_York"
utterances_term: "Jan 12, 2022"
categories: [code]
---

### Did a little bit of JavaScript today working on an open source project called [Trello Github ETL](https://github.com/dashtesting/trello-github-etl)
 - The goal is to ETL: extract data in the form of a JSON file from Trello, transform it into something github projects beta understands, and load it into github.
 - Got some experience getting oriented in a new codebase, setting ENV variables and creating GH tokens and working in VIM.
 - Extracted labels for the trello cards from the JSON
	 - I got more comfortable working in a plain node.js repl to test my .map command and writing a small test file to see if I got it working.
 - My PRs for the project had a really dirty commit history due to some mistakes on my part.
	 - **ALWAYS MAKE A BRANCH AFTER FORKING A PROJECT**
		 - Keep main pure
	 - git rebase -i is your friend.
		 - rebase off main, keep relevant commits only, squash the junk commits.
		 - Good video to understand [Clean git rebase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pp4LJI1VovA)

### Did **Day 13** of Wes Bos Javascript 30.
- Image slide in cheesy effect
		- Learned a lot about pixel levels and how the browser senses where the window element is.
		- Pretty simple day overall, once pixel levels were all figured out, just had to apply and remove a .active class. with `classList.add` and `classList.remove`
		- Included was a neat debounce function that prevents you from hammering the browser too hard with events. I've almost got my head wrapped around it.
```js
      function debounce(func, wait = 20, immediate = true) {
        var timeout;
        return function () {
          var context = this,
            args = arguments;
          var later = function () {
            timeout = null;
            if (!immediate) func.apply(context, args);
          };
          var callNow = immediate && !timeout;
          clearTimeout(timeout);
          timeout = setTimeout(later, wait);
          if (callNow) func.apply(context, args);
        };
```

### Interviewed with local company with a 'programmer' position
 - Seemed like a very stable privately held company, I enjoyed talking with the 3 managers who interviewed me over Teams.
 - The tech stack being used (a proprietary low-code web scraper) was a bit too mouse heavy for my liking and doesn't seem like it'd level up my programming abilities much.
 - Their annual review is a bit too long of an interval for a position paying $16 an hour. If the pay started at $16 and quickly ramped up I'd consider it.
 - They offer full remote, but that doesn't make them stand out too much these days.
 - We'll see if I get the offer.
